Artificial Intelligence or AI is the technology behind the fourth industrial revolution that has brought great changes all around the world. It is usually defined as the study of intelligent systems that could execute tasks and activities that would require human level intelligence. Similar to the past three industrial revolutions, AI is leaving an incredible impact on productivity.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) Revolution
The AI revolution has fundamentally changed the ways people collect and process data as well as transformed business operations across different industries. In general, AI systems are supported by three major aspects which are:  domain knowledge, data generation, and machine learning. Domain knowledge denotes the understanding and expertise of the real life scenario on why and how we need to engineer a task. The data aspect refers to the process of preparing databases required to feed on to the learning algorithms. Lastly, machine learning detects the patterns from the training data, predicts and performs tasks without being manually or explicitly programmed.
Three key attributes of AI technology.
Intelligent Decision Making 
The simulation of human intelligence by machines can infer a fast solution for the problems that are often faced by humanity. AI is backed by advanced data analytics and machine learning, which means AI can learn and gain new insights as it keeps feeding on new data. With proper input, AI could come up with prompt and accurate decisions. In addition to that, the intelligence attribute of AI promotes productivity and reduces dependency on human support which makes AI highly autonomous and a convenient tool to have.
Intentionality
Intentionality is often deemed as the technical and ontological attributes of computer programs that derived from the algorithms and knowledge engineering. This attribute can be interpreted as AI’s capability of delivering insights from the real time information and reacting in the way similar to its creators’ and users’. The responses usually strongly reflect the social context that creator and users are in. Additionally, with development of data ingestion, storage capacity, processing speed and analytic techniques, AI gets more capable of responding to the issues with increasing sophistication. This very much differentiates AI with the fundamental function of machines that merely carry out predetermined routines.
Adaptability and prediction
Machine learning facilitates AI to discover the pattern of the data that were previously programmed, which enables AI’s capability of making its own change as circumstances change. The attribute of adaptability profoundly enhances AI’s prediction and decision making. One of the commonly seen examples is Gmail’s Smart Compose feature, which offers the use of  personalised suggestions as users typing a sentence. It illustrates how AI adapts to one’s personal writing pattern and delivers appropriate suggestions.
AI in the Business 
Undoubtedly, the artificial intelligence revolutions had profoundly impacted the way businesses operate. The most common practises are the automation of repetitive tasks that require less human input. However, with the consistent improvement of algorithms, AI technology is no longer only limited to the capability of expanding productivity, but also becomes a necessary tool in engaging customers, providing service excellence, and driving innovation. Here are several industrial scenarios to demonstrate how AI transformed the nature and scope of business activities.
Contact Center
The contact center has evolved significantly over the years and has become more sophisticated thanks to the use of AI Automation.  We can see technological advancement of contact centers in the form of Chatbots and Talkbots that enables 24/7 availability and instant response for consumer engagement at scale. Changing the strategies to engage customers with AI based automation vastly boost service capability and reduce service failures that are usually caused by under-performing agents or emotional labour. While human agents require frequent and regular customer service training to maintain the service quality, AI Talkbot learns from every customer interaction and keeps improving to provide excellent service over time. This very much reduces labour cost associated with performance evaluation and contact center training.
Furthermore, AI systems in contact centers such as Talkbot have the capability to be customized to deliver a more personal experience through goal driven dialogues based on the customer data and business metric. In other words, Talkbots can easily do upselling and cross selling if they are given sufficient information about the customers and the business plan. Even without any customer care training, Talkbots can conduct sentiment analysis from the conversation and unlock the hidden customer data in customer voice calls. This, in turn, provides great insights for future planning. Also, compared to the traditional contact center, AI systems show stronger capabilities in collecting information from each call which are used to generate the report in a more intelligent manner and with better insights.
E-commerce
Nowadays the e-commerce market is highly saturated and competitive. Top e- commerce companies heavily rely on AI technology to better understand their customers and to give their customers better service in order to remain competitive and profitable. Intelligent product recommendation is one of the typical applications of AI in the ecommerce industry. This is a real-time application of an AI algorithm that attempts to figure out customers’ preference based on their previous purchases, researches, and consumption habits. The collected insights enable e-commerce companies to personalize product recommendations for different online shoppers. To a certain extent, it enhances the shopping experience and potentially boosts sales. However, if the e-commerces overuses intelligent product recommendation and adopts an aggressive marketing strategy, the reverse effect might happen. Beyond the function of personalization, e-commerce businesses also leverage AI technology to support customer service through chatbots and talkbots to assist them with customer care, inventory management via demand forecasting, or product promotion.
Logistics and Supply Chain
The use of artificial intelligence and machine learning has fundamentally transformed supply chain management and delivered strong optimization of capabilities associated with accurate management, high productivity, low operating cost and quick delivery.  For example, with the capability of handling big data, the AI technology could be used to automates the workflow of inventory management. Parcels could be packed and sorted in a seamless process at large scale, which would largely reduce processing time and minimize human error. Also, the AI system can forecast market demand from the market and purchase histories, facilitating the prediction of the future sales and providing information to support resource allocation. Moreover, AI algorithms are  also being used to optimize the shipping and delivery route, with some of the most advanced ones even involving the prediction and management of traffic lights.
Overall, in the information and data driven era, the potential of AI is tremendous. Business process automation could reduce stress on internal productivity and decrease reliance on human support while at the same time increase operational cost efficiency. Machine learning enables the company to delve into a more intelligent approach and continually drives the evolution business model. Companies should prepare themselves for the AI revolution wave, so they can leverage on the technology to achieve the optimal operational excellence.
hi, how are you doing?	i'm fine. how about yourself?
i'm fine. how about yourself?	i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.
i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.	no problem. so how have you been?
no problem. so how have you been?	i've been great. what about you?
i've been great. what about you?	i've been good. i'm in school right now.
i've been good. i'm in school right now.	what school do you go to?
what school do you go to?	i go to pcc.
i go to pcc.	do you like it there?
do you like it there?	it's okay. it's a really big campus.
it's okay. it's a really big campus.	good luck with school.
good luck with school.	thank you very much.
how's it going?	i'm doing well. how about you?
i'm doing well. how about you?	never better, thanks.
never better, thanks.	so how have you been lately?
so how have you been lately?	i've actually been pretty good. you?
i've actually been pretty good. you?	i'm actually in school right now.
i'm actually in school right now.	which school do you attend?
which school do you attend?	i'm attending pcc right now.
i'm attending pcc right now.	are you enjoying it there?
are you enjoying it there?	it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.
it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.	good luck with that.
good luck with that.	thanks.
how are you doing today?	i'm doing great. what about you?
i'm doing great. what about you?	i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.
i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.	everything's been good with you?
everything's been good with you?	i haven't been better. how about yourself?
i haven't been better. how about yourself?	i started school recently.
i started school recently.	where are you going to school?
where are you going to school?	i'm going to pcc.
i'm going to pcc.	how do you like it so far?
how do you like it so far?	i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.
i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.	i wish you luck.
it's an ugly day today.	i know. i think it may rain.
i know. i think it may rain.	it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.	that would be weird.
that would be weird.	yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.	i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.	yes, it would be. 
yes, it would be. 	i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 
i really wish it wasn't so hot every day. 	me too. i can't wait until winter.
me too. i can't wait until winter.	i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.	i'd rather be cold than hot.
i'd rather be cold than hot.	me too.
it doesn't look very nice outside today.	you're right. i think it's going to rain later.
you're right. i think it's going to rain later.	in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.	that wouldn't seem right.
that wouldn't seem right.	considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.	exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.
exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.	i know, you're absolutely right.
i know, you're absolutely right.	i wish it would cool off one day.
i wish it would cool off one day.	that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.
that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.	i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.	i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.
i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.	that's exactly how i feel.
i wish it was a nicer day today.	that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.
that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.	it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.	it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.	it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.	any rain right now would be pointless.
any rain right now would be pointless.	that's right, it really would be.
that's right, it really would be.	i want it to cool down some.
i want it to cool down some.	i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.
i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.	winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.	i would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
it's such a nice day.	yes, it is.
yes, it is.	it looks like it may rain soon.
it looks like it may rain soon.	yes, and i hope that it does.
yes, and i hope that it does.	why is that?
why is that?	i really love how rain clears the air.
i really love how rain clears the air.	me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.
me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.	yes, but i love the night air after it rains.
yes, but i love the night air after it rains.	really? why is it?
really? why is it?	because you can see the stars perfectly.
because you can see the stars perfectly.	i really hope it rains today.
i really hope it rains today.	yeah, me too.
isn't it a nice day?	it really is.
it really is.	it seems that it may rain today.
it seems that it may rain today.	hopefully it will.
hopefully it will.	how come?
how come?	i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.	i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.
i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.	i especially love the night air when it rains.
i especially love the night air when it rains.	really? why?
really? why?	the stars look so much closer after it rains.
the stars look so much closer after it rains.	i really want it to rain today.
i really want it to rain today.	yeah, so do i.
don't you think it's nice out?	yes, i think so too.
yes, i think so too.	i think that it's going to rain.
i think that it's going to rain.	i hope that it does rain.
i hope that it does rain.	you like the rain?
you like the rain?	the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.
the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.	i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.
i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.	i love most how it is at night after it rains.
i love most how it is at night after it rains.	how come?
how come?	you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.	i would love for it to rain today.
i really want to go to the beach this weekend.	that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?
that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?	i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.	is it going to be perfect beach weather?
is it going to be perfect beach weather?	i believe so.
i believe so.	good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.	i know. i really want to go to the beach.
i know. i really want to go to the beach.	but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.
but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.	you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.	i really wish the weather would just stay the same.
i really wish the weather would just stay the same.	i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.	yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend.	a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?
a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?	the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.	so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?	it sounds like it will be.
it sounds like it will be.	i really hope it doesn't get cold.
i really hope it doesn't get cold.	that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.
that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.	the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.
the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.	that is true. the weather is constantly changing.
that is true. the weather is constantly changing.	it would be nice if the weather would never change.
it would be nice if the weather would never change.	that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.	true. predictable weather would make life easier.
it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend.	what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.
what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.	the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.	will it be good beach weather?
will it be good beach weather?	i think it will be.
i think it will be.	it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.	i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.
i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.	this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.	i know. every day the weather seems different.
i know. every day the weather seems different.	i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.	that would make it easier for us to make plans.
hello, may i speak to alice please?	this is …